Add batch support (#135)
nf-core/phaseimpute: docs/usage.md

For starting from the imputation steps, the required flags are:

- `--steps impute`

> - `--input input.csv`: The samplesheet containing the input sample files in `bam`, `cram` or `vcf`, `bcf` format.

Author: I'll add it to the summary table.

  - `--panel panel.csv`: A samplesheet containing the post-processed reference panel VCF (required by GLIMPSE1, GLIMPSE2). These files can be obtained with `--steps panelprep`.

#### Summary table of required parameters in `--steps impute`

|            | `--steps impute` | `--input`     | `--genome` or `--fasta` | `--panel` | `--chunks` | `--posfile` |
| ---------- | ---------------- | ------------- | ----------------------- | --------- | ---------- | ----------- |
| `GLIMPSE1` | ✅               | ✅ BAM or VCF | ✅                      | ✅        | ✅         | ✅ ¹        |
| `GLIMPSE2` | ✅               | ✅ BAM or VCF | ✅                      | ✅        | ✅         | ❌          |
| `QUILT`    | ✅               | ✅ BAM        | ✅                      | ❌        | ✅         | ✅ ²        |
| `STITCH`   | ✅               | ✅ BAM        | ✅                      | ❌        | ❌         | ✅ ¹        |

> ³ `GLIMPSE1 and STITCH`: Should be a CSV with columns [panel id, chr, legend]

> > ² `QUILT`: Should be a CSV with columns [panel id, chr, hap, legend]

Author: Fixed

> Here is a representation on how the input files will be processed depending on the input files type and the selected imputation tool.

Author: If you impute is a VCF it should be a joined VCF and only GLIMPSE software can be used
If you have one or multiple BAM files all softwares can be used.
Processing the files in a single-sample mode is possible for glimpse2 and quilt but will be innefficient apparently.

[![InputSoftwareCompatibility](./images/InputSoftware_compatibility.png)](./images/InputSoftware_compatibility.png)

#### Argument `--batch_size`

> The `--batch_size` argument is used to specify the number of samples to be at once. This is useful when the number of samples is large and the memory is limited. The default value is 100.

Author: > If the default batch size is 100, what happens if my input contains only a few samples? Does it still run with all the tools?
Yes and yes

> Does it try to make a batch with only 2 samples? Or will it process each separately?
The batch size will be min(input_size, batch_size)

| `QUILT`    | ✅               | ✅ ²      | ✅                      | ❌        | ✅         | ✅ ⁴        |
| `STITCH`   | ✅               | ✅ ²      | ✅                      | ❌        | ❌         | ✅ ³        |

> ¹ Alignment files as well as variant calling format (i.e. BAM, CRAM, VCF or BCF)
> ² Alignment files only (i.e. BAM or CRAM)
> ³ `QUILT`: Should be a CSV with columns [panel id, chr, hap, legend]
> ⁴ `GLIMPSE1 and STITCH`: Should be a CSV with columns [panel id, chr, legend]

Here is a representation on how the input files will be processed depending on the input files type and the selected imputation tool.

[![InputSoftwareCompatibility](./images/InputSoftware_compatibility.png)](./images/InputSoftware_compatibility.png)

#### Argument `--batch_size`

The `--batch_size` argument is used to specify the number of samples to be processed at once. This is useful when the number of samples is large and the memory is limited. The default value is 100 but it might need to be adapted to the size of each individuals data, the number of samples to be processed in parallel and the available memory.

> Imputation softwares algorithm are time consuming. The computational load depend on the number of individuals, the region size and the panel size. [Some steps are computationally fixed](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41588-023-01438-3), meaning they run similarly whether you are imputing 2 individuals or 200. By grouping individuals into larger batches, these fixed-cost steps are shared among more samples, reducing the per-individual computational overhead and improving overall efficiency. This step is recommended

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imputation software's algorithm are time consuming. The computational load depends on the number of individuals, the region size and the panel size. [Some steps are computationally fixed](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41588-023-01438-3), meaning they run similarly whether you are imputing 2 individuals or 200. By grouping individuals into larger batches, these fixed-cost steps are shared among more samples, reducing the per-individual computational overhead and improving overall efficiency. This step is recommended.
```

On the other hand we also need to limit the memory usage when working with a huge amount of individuals within a process.

> Hence the necessity to use a batch_size large enough to reduce the fixed-cost stepts / individuals and not to large for the memory usage to be sustainable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence the necessity to use a `batch_size` large enough to reduce the fixed-cost steps / individuals and not too large for the memory usage to be sustainable.
```

When the number of samples exceeds the batch size, the pipeline will split the samples into batches and process them sequentially. The files used in each batch are stored in the `${outputdir}/imputation/batch` folder.
[STITCH](#stitch) and [GLIMPSE1](#glimpse1) do not support a batch size inferior to the number of samples. This limit is set up to not induce batch effect in the imputation process, as this two tools take into account the information of the target file to perform the imputation. This does on the other hand enhances the accuracy of phasing and imputation, as the target individuals might provide more informative genetic context (e.g. you have related individuals in the target).

To summarize:

> - If you have Variant Calling Format file you should join them in one and choose either GLIMPSE1 or GLIMPSE2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have Variant Calling Format files as input you should join them in one multi sample VCF and choose either GLIMPSE1 or GLIMPSE2
```

> - If you have alignment files all the tools are available and their will be processed in batch_size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have alignment files all the tools are available and they will be processed in `batch_size` 
```
